Better explain conditions for deployment with apidev.py script docs (#1292) (#1295)
DataBiosphere/azul: README.md

is visible. Change the docs in `azul/service/app.py`, save, and refresh the page and
your changes will appear immediately along with any warnings or errors they introduce.

> Some changes to `app.py` won't be displayed properly by this script unless the changes

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Some changes to `app.py` won't take effect with this script unless the changes
```

are deployed in the active deployment. Specifically, changes to

> - the Swagger spec

Reviewer: ```suggestion

- the Swagger spec
```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- the OpenAPI spec in either the `…` global variable or the `spec` parameter to the `route` decorator.
```

- the *body* of pre-existing route functions

> are **fine** and **won't** require redeployment. Any other changes **will**, such as

Reviewer: ```suggestion
will **not** require redeployment. Any other changes **will**, such as

```

Note the added newlines.

is visible. Change the docs in `azul/service/app.py`, save, and refresh the page and
your changes will appear immediately along with any warnings or errors they introduce.

# FIXME
Some changes to `app.py` won't be displayed properly by this script unless the changes
are deployed in the active deployment. Specifically, changes to

> - the Swagger spec or

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- the Swagger spec
```
